LVGL cookbook (#4110)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: cookbook/lvgl.rst

.. _lvgl-cookbook:

LVGL: Tips and Tricks
=====================

.. seo::
    :description: Recipes for common use cases of LVGL Displays with ESPHome
    :image: /images/lvgl.png

> Here are a couple recipes for various interesting things you can do with :ref:`lvgl-main` in ESPHome.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are a couple recipes for various interesting things you can do with :doc:`/components/lvgl/index` in ESPHome.
```

            then:
              - switch.turn_off: switch_antiburn

    switch:
      - platform: template
        name: Antiburn
        id: switch_antiburn
        icon: mdi:television-shimmer
        optimistic: true
        entity_category: "config"
        turn_on_action:
          - logger.log: "Starting Antiburn"
          - if:
              condition: lvgl.is_paused
              then:
                - lvgl.resume:
                - lvgl.widget.redraw:
                - delay: 1s
          - lvgl.pause:
              show_snow: true
        turn_off_action:
          - logger.log: "Stopping Antiburn"
          - if:
              condition: lvgl.is_paused
              then:
                - lvgl.resume:
                - lvgl.widget.redraw:
                - delay: 1s
                - lvgl.pause:

    touchscreen:
      - platform: ...
        on_release:
          then:
            - if:
                condition: lvgl.is_paused
                then:
                  - lvgl.resume:
                  - lvgl.widget.redraw:

You can combine it with the previous example to turn off the backlight, so the users don't actually notice this.

See Also
--------

> - :ref:`lvgl-main`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :doc:`/components/lvgl/index`
```
